Remove lightning legacy code and references (#788)
PyTorchLightning/metrics: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Before submitting

- [ ] Was this discussed/approved via a Github issue? (no need for typos and docs improvements)

> - [ ] Did you read the [contributor guideline](https://torchmetrics.readthedocs.io/en/latest/generated/CONTRIBUTING.html), Pull Request section?

Reviewer: let's still link to the markdown in the github repo.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Did you read the [contributor guideline](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/metrics/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md), Pull Request section?
```
